#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile reqs.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.3
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.8
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
ansio==0.0.1
    # via -r reqs.in
anthropic==0.34.2
    # via langchain-anthropic
anyio==4.6.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   groq
    #   httpx
    #   openai
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via flask
attrs==24.2.0
    # via aiohttp
backoff==2.2.1
    # via unstructured
bcrypt==4.2.0
    # via paramiko
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r reqs.in
    #   feedfinder2
    #   newspaper3k
    #   unstructured
blinker==1.8.2
    # via flask
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via unstructured
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   duckduckgo-search
    #   flask
    #   nltk
    #   python-oxmsg
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via
    #   paramiko
    #   unstructured-client
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via newspaper3k
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
deepdiff==8.0.1
    # via unstructured-client
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via langchain-anthropic
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   groq
    #   openai
docker==7.1.0
    # via -r reqs.in
duckduckgo-search==6.1.12
    # via -r reqs.in
emoji==2.13.2
    # via unstructured
faiss-cpu==1.8.0.post1
    # via -r reqs.in
feedfinder2==0.0.4
    # via newspaper3k
feedparser==6.0.11
    # via newspaper3k
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   tldextract
    #   torch
    #   transformers
filetype==1.2.0
    # via unstructured
flask[async]==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r reqs.in
    #   flask
    #   flask-basicauth
flask-basicauth==0.2.0
    # via -r reqs.in
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.9.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.6
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.20.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.147.0
    # via google-generativeai
google-auth==2.35.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.7.2
    # via langchain-google-genai
googleapis-common-protos==1.65.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
groq==0.11.0
    # via langchain-groq
grpcio==1.66.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.3
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   groq
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   openai
    #   unstructured-client
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-mistralai
huggingface-hub==0.25.1
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   tldextract
    #   unstructured-client
    #   yarl
inputimeout==1.0.4
    # via -r reqs.in
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jieba3k==0.35.1
    # via newspaper3k
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   flask
    #   torch
jiter==0.5.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpath-python==1.0.6
    # via unstructured-client
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.2.16
    # via langchain-community
langchain-anthropic==0.1.19
    # via -r reqs.in
langchain-community==0.2.7
    # via -r reqs.in
langchain-core==0.2.41
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-groq
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   langchain-ollama
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-google-genai==1.0.7
    # via -r reqs.in
langchain-groq==0.1.6
    # via -r reqs.in
langchain-huggingface==0.0.3
    # via -r reqs.in
langchain-mistralai==0.1.8
    # via -r reqs.in
langchain-ollama==0.1.3
    # via -r reqs.in
langchain-openai==0.1.15
    # via -r reqs.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.2.4
    # via langchain
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via unstructured
langsmith==0.1.129
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lxml==5.3.0
    # via
    #   lxml-html-clean
    #   newspaper3k
    #   unstructured
lxml-html-clean==0.2.0
    # via -r reqs.in
markdown==3.7
    # via -r reqs.in
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.22.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   unstructured-client
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured-client
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via unstructured-client
networkx==3.3
    # via torch
newspaper3k==0.2.8
    # via -r reqs.in
nltk==3.9.1
    # via
    #   newspaper3k
    #   unstructured
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
olefile==0.47
    # via python-oxmsg
ollama==0.3.3
    # via langchain-ollama
openai==1.50.2
    # via langchain-openai
orderly-set==5.2.2
    # via deepdiff
orjson==3.10.7
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured-client
paramiko==3.4.0
    # via -r reqs.in
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   newspaper3k
    #   sentence-transformers
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==4.25.5
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psutil==6.0.0
    # via unstructured
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   google-generativeai
    #   groq
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via pydantic
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pynput==1.7.7
    # via -r reqs.in
pyobjc-core==10.3.1
    # via
    #   pyobjc-framework-applicationservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-cocoa
    #   pyobjc-framework-coretext
    #   pyobjc-framework-quartz
pyobjc-framework-applicationservices==10.3.1
    # via pynput
pyobjc-framework-cocoa==10.3.1
    # via
    #   pyobjc-framework-applicationservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-coretext
    #   pyobjc-framework-quartz
pyobjc-framework-coretext==10.3.1
    # via pyobjc-framework-applicationservices
pyobjc-framework-quartz==10.3.1
    # via
    #   pynput
    #   pyobjc-framework-applicationservices
    #   pyobjc-framework-coretext
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via httplib2
pypdf==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r reqs.in
    #   unstructured-client
pyreqwest-impersonate==0.5.3
    # via duckduckgo-search
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   newspaper3k
    #   unstructured-client
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r reqs.in
python-iso639==2024.4.27
    # via unstructured
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via unstructured
python-oxmsg==0.0.1
    # via unstructured
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   newspaper3k
    #   transformers
rapidfuzz==3.10.0
    # via unstructured
regex==2024.9.11
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   docker
    #   feedfinder2
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   newspaper3k
    #   requests-file
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
    #   tldextract
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
requests-file==2.1.0
    # via tldextract
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via unstructured-client
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
safetensors==0.4.5
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.5.2
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r reqs.in
    #   langchain-huggingface
sgmllib3k==1.0.0
    # via feedparser
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   feedfinder2
    #   langdetect
    #   pynput
    #   python-dateutil
    #   unstructured-client
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   groq
    #   httpx
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.35
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sympy==1.13.3
    # via torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via unstructured
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.7.0
    # via langchain-openai
tinysegmenter==0.3
    # via newspaper3k
tldextract==5.1.2
    # via newspaper3k
tokenizers==0.20.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   langchain-mistralai
    #   transformers
torch==2.4.1
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
transformers==4.45.1
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   google-generativeai
    #   groq
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   python-oxmsg
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   unstructured-client
unstructured==0.15.13
    # via -r reqs.in
unstructured-client==0.25.9
    # via
    #   -r reqs.in
    #   unstructured
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   docker
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
webcolors==24.6.0
    # via -r reqs.in
werkzeug==3.0.4
    # via flask
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via unstructured
yarl==1.13.1
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
